First Round of Edits for Clarity to Introduction (#584)
data-edu/data-science-in-education: 01-introduction.Rmd

Dear Data Scientists, Educators, and Data Scientists who are Educators: 

This book is a warm welcome and an invitation to learn with a great community. If you're a data scientist in education or an educator in data science, your role probably isn't straightforward. This book is our contribution to a growing movement to merge the paths of data analysis and education. We wrote this book to make your first step on that path clearer and less scary.

Whether you're a data scientist working in education or an educator wanting to learn data science, we invite you to read this book and put these techniques to work in the real world. Your work in the education community will help decide how education and data science come together.

## Learning data science in education

Over the coming chapters, you'll explore examples of what data science in education looks like. But first, let's talk about why data science in education is not easily definable. 

> Being a data scientist in education is challenging because there is not a universal vision for what that means. For starters, education as a field is complex. If education were a building, it would be multi-storied with many rooms. There are privately and publicly funded schools. There are more than 18 possible grade levels. Students can learn alone or with others in a classroom. Students start school, leave school, finish school, and return to school. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Being a data scientist in education is challenging because there is not a universal vision of what that means. For starters, education as a field is complex. If education were a building, it would be multi-storied with many rooms. There are privately and publicly funded schools. There are more than 18 possible grade levels. Students can learn alone or with others in a classroom. Students start school, leave school, finish school, and return to school. 
```

> This imaginary building we call education also has rooms most never see -- rooms where business and finance staff plan the most efficient use of limited funds. The transportation department plans bus routes across vast spaces. University administrators search for the best way to measure career readiness. Education consultants study how students perform on course work and how they feel about class materials. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This imaginary building we call education also has rooms most never see -- rooms where business and finance staff plan the most efficient use of limited funds. The transportation department plans bus routes across vast spaces. University administrators search for the best way to measure career readiness. Education consultants study how students perform in coursework and how they feel about class materials. 
```

There are many ways one *could* do data science in education, but consensus on ways one *should* do it is just starting. The community is still working out how it all fits together. 

> Even then, there's still the issue of how education systems can best use data science tools. In many education settings, school staff have never worked with someone who has this combination of skills -- education content knowledge, programming, and statistics [@conway2010data].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even then, there's still the issue of how education systems can best use data science tools. In many education settings, school staff have never worked with someone with this combination of skills -- education content knowledge, programming, and statistics [@conway2010data].
```

* [Getting Started with R and RStudio](#c05)
* [Foundational Skills](#c06)

**Analyzing student perception data**

* [Walkthrough 1: The Education Dataset Science Pipeline](#c07)
* [Walkthrough 5: Text Analysis With Social Media Data](#c16)
* [Walkthrough 7: The Role (and Usefulness) of Multilevel Models](#c13)

**Analyzing student performance data**

* [Walkthrough 2: Approaching Gradebook Data From a Data Science Perspective](#c08)
* [Walkthrough 8: Predicting Students' Final Grades Using Machine Learning Methods](#c14)

**Using publicly available data**

* [Walkthrough 3: Introduction to Aggregate Data](#c09)
* [Walkthrough 4: Longitudinal Analysis With Federal Students With Disabilities Data](#c10)

We'll end the book by discussing how to bring data science skills into your education job ([Chapter 15](#c15), an overview of teaching data science ([Chapter 16])(#c16)), and supplemental resources ([Chapter 17](#c17) and [Chapter 18](#c18)). 

> We hope after reading this book you'll feel less alone in your journey to learn data science. We also hope your experience with this book is both challenging and fun. Finally, we hope you'll take what you learned and share it with others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We hope after reading this book, you'll feel less alone in your journey to learn data science. We also hope your experience with this book is both challenging and fun. Finally, we hope you'll take what you learned and share it with others.
```
